[BLOG] Optimizing Inference Processors for Cost Efficiency and Performance (#3771)
opensearch-project/project-website: _community_members/will-hwang.md

---
name: Will Hwang
short_name: will-hwang
photo: "/assets/media/community/members/will-hwang.jpg"
title: 'OpenSearch Community Member: Will Hwang'
primary_title: Will Hwang
breadcrumbs:
  icon: community
  items:
    - title: Community
      url: /community/index.html
    - title: Members
      url: /community/members/index.html
    - title: 'Will Hwang&apos;s Profile'
      url: '/community/members/will-hwang.html'
github: will-hwang
job_title_and_company: 'Software Engineer at Amazon Web Services'
personas:
  - author
permalink: '/community/members/will-hwang.html'
redirect_from: '/authors/will-hwang/'
---

> **Will Hwang** is a Software Engineer working at AWS working on neural search in OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Will Hwang** is a Software Engineer at AWS who focuses on neural search development in OpenSearch.
```
